---
title: 20230614
---
# 2023 Second Half Action Plan
Got out of Job and idle for now, to give some context. I'm a civil engineer who has industry experience in highways of 6 years. but due to various reasons   I have shifted to the role of frontend developer. Been on the job as frontend developer for 6 months and recently quit the job. This is the more or less context of my situation. I'm hesitant to take gap in my career but I want to sharpen my axe before I want to take next steps in my career. So I'm accepting a Work from home role with pay cut with the technology I'm proficient with so that I can concentrate more on the skills I want to achieve in next 6 months to become some what attractive to recruit. 
### My assumptions right now.
1. What may be the market condition there will always demand for good engineers.
2. I currently lack the skill and basic necessary skills to be a good employee

### About me right now.
I learned wed development because I wanted to build something and bestway to do it by making a website, So I had no choice but to learn building a website during the lockdown period of covid, from that perspective I learned webdevelopment by taking as many shortcuts possible to reach my goal of building an application.
I have learnt Vue.js(which I love btw) instead of popular and more employable frameworks(React.js or Angular) because learning curve of it is smooth.
I have used Nuxt.js but in a SPA mode(grave mistake), because I gave up on the most amazing features of Nuxt and by using Nuxt in SPA mode and using firebase (Backend as a Service) I shot my foot from becoming fullstack developer or atleast being able to understand basic underlying bits such as HTTP responses and status code.
I do not regret single decision I took at that time because of those I fell in love with the web as platform and it's low investment(internet & text editor) way to start business through SaaS or an e-commerce and myriad of other revenue genrating ways through internet.

### Where I want to go from here.

As said above I learnt web as means to and end, therefore I didn't think about the right way or market needs I want to correct that, In past I always used Framework specific UI libraries such as Vuetify and Quasar. Although they are great understanding what form of functionality is coming from CSS and what is coming from js framework will make my skills portable. Therefore 1st order of business is learning CSS basics and being adequately proficient in CSS

Investing my time in core JavaScript both on browser side and on server side api's and understanding any language means solving and resolving problems again and again so, I want to do Data Structures and Algorithms.

Learning and deeply understanding React.js as it has become de-facto industry standard

I want to learn CSS, Prepare the roadmap to learn CSS and kaizen the shit out of CSS.